good data on all to 1 video video
pretty interesting about watch dogs
we had a new trailer for this
wonderful game of this wonderful
ubisoft sandbox that the truth that is
very incredible between yesterday was very
awesome you have the description
again for the one who wants to see it
he liked quite a lot and good enough
clear that it is up to many of
the games that are going to go out and
well basically apart from that we can
see also the release date for
on November 21 of this year and
In addition to that, some of the
collectors' editions that
we will have not one with a figure boxes
metallic and things but but let's go
what is important is that
it seems that the playstation version
3 on the cover people realized
that he put 60 minutes of content
additional and good it seems that nobody
had explained nothing until today how good
involves auto visos has said that
basically we can say that the
customers who buy our always
are 3 or price are 4 will be able to
download 60 minutes of additional game
through playstation network after
of the launch when we do not know if
after launch I mean a
day a few hours or a few weeks we do not know
very good
can refer to what this spokesperson
what is clear is that companies are three
simple are four we will have those 60
minutes of additional and good continuous
we do not know if it will be totally
free or you will have to pay something I do not know
but not much because yes it will be free
since if you put the cover and such
I suppose it is an additional incentive for
you buy it that comes to you for free
we do not know if it will end up being
exclusive of sony that content
additional 60 minutes I have no idea
of if it will end up doing well and good
basically it's been very usual
in the jotos visos that has 60 minutes
of each other are three
as it has already been
assassin's creed 364 for putting the
most recent games do not and well nothing else
we'll see 60 minutes of cante
mention to the restriction something else I
I suppose they will be free as I say and
well we will see that if they give a date of
launch for that content so
well nothing more kids this will be everything and
nothing we go in the next video until the
next